# shogunApp

A react native project with:
```
- Profile Management
- QRCode Reader
- Camera Usage
- Picture Upload through firebase storage
- Picture Sharing
```

## Our App

Shogun is an event based app. The goal is to regroup all the pictures people might take while an Event like a concert or a conference for example. Inside the app, you are able to scan a QRcode, generated by the backend when creating an Event. Scanning the Qrcode will allow the user to join the event and to send pictures and see all the pictures taken by the other users.

## Backend.

We have deployed our own backend https://github.com/athomaj/shogunBackend/ using keystonejs.
This backend is used as an API and allows us to store and retrieve our events and users informations.
The server is deployed on an EC2 instance at the http://34.238.153.180:3000.
http://34.238.153.180:3000/keystone will bring you to the admin interface of the backend. You will then be able to create events inside the events tab.
The events you create will be visible at http://34.238.153.180:3000/event.

## Getting Started

To install the app on android, clone the repository and type adb install app-release.apk in your console. This will require you to have a version of Android studio installed, and a device online(emulator or physical)
To install the app on IOS, clone the repository, go into the ios folder and type pod install. Then open the .xcworkspace with xcode. You will then just have to launch your project.

## Usage

Once the app is installed, you will be able to login by entering a username. This login will create an user on the backend that will be stored locally. You will never have to reconnect.
The first screen is the events screen. To add an event, press the scan button on the navbar, and go to http://34.238.153.180:3000/event to get one of the qrcode.
Now you have an event in the list, you can tap on the cell and see the description of the event. You will then see the pictures people sent and you will be able to submit as many as you want.
You also have a profile screen to change your username and your profile picture.

## Environment

The app have been developped using React Native.
if you want to build the app using react native, you will need to install the react-native CLI. You will then have to type npm install inside the main directory, then go to the ios folder and type pod install if you want to try the app on IOs.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License
